DO NOT MERGE - Palette Virtual Cluster Rename fix (#967)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/04-palette-virtual-clusters/palette-virtual-cluster-quickstart.md

import PointsOfInterest from 'shared/components/common/PointOfInterest';
import Tooltip from "shared/components/ui/Tooltip";

# Getting Started with Palette Virtual Clusters

With Palette Virtual Clusters, you can deploy additional Kubernetes clusters that run as nested clusters within an existing *Host Cluster*.

> There are certain advantages to use a virtual cluster environment. For example, you are free to operate with admin level privileges, while simultaneously ensuring strong isolation, reducing operational overhead, and improving resource utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are certain advantages to using a virtual cluster environment. For example, you are free to operate with admin level privileges, while simultaneously ensuring strong isolation, reducing operational overhead, and improving resource utilization.
```

   - Load Balancer Source Ranges (Optional) - Limit which client IP's can access the load balancer. Inputs **must** be a comma-separated list of CIDR ranges in the `a.b.c.d/x` format. See [Network Load Balancer support on AWS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#aws-nlb-support) for additional details.
<p></p><br />

  ![Deploy-palette-virtual-cluster](deploy-nested-cluster.png "Deploy a Palette Virtual Cluster")

> Congratulations! Your Palette Virtual Cluster is now deployed. If you like more information on managing your resources, refer to the links below.

Reviewer: If you would like more information on managing your resources, see the links below.

> Congratulations! Your Palette Virtual Cluster is now deployed. If you like more information on managing your resources, refer to the links below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like more information on managing your resources, see the links below.
```

Author: Great catch @ritawatson , we should not write as if achieving something is difficult, hence the congratulations. Awesome catch 👏🏻 . 

I do think we should change "see the links below" to "please review the links below". That way, we get away from ableist language.

   - Load Balancer Source Ranges (Optional) - Limit which client IP's can access the load balancer. Inputs **must** be a comma-separated list of CIDR ranges in the `a.b.c.d/x` format. See [Network Load Balancer support on AWS](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#aws-nlb-support) for additional details.
<p></p><br />

  ![Deploy-palette-virtual-cluster](deploy-nested-cluster.png "Deploy a Palette Virtual Cluster")

> Your Palette Virtual Cluster is now deployed. If you would like more information on managing your resources, review to the links below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Palette Virtual Cluster is now deployed. If you would like more information on managing your resources, please review the links below.
```
